README
------

Running
------------------------
Download the zip
Run mainMenu.java

Game Instructions
-------------------
There are four buttons on the main menu:
Host - you start up your own game (use this to play one player)
Join - you join a game
Help - view help page with instructions
Quit - exit the game

Host Option
---------
You will be prompted to enter your name.
After you have entered a suitable name, you will be prompted to select a map.
There are six maps to choose from:
- Battleground
- No Hiding
- X
- Smile
- Sandwich
- Pyramid
Plus Pot luck, which will randomly pick one of the above maps
Once you have selected a map, the lobby will appear.
Players which join this game via the Join button will appear here.
You can select your AI difficulty using the buttons on the right of the screen.
At any point you can press the start button and the game will begin.
Up to four human players may join the lobby.
If you have less than four players in the lobby then the remaining players in your  game will be computer controlled.

Join Option
------------
You will be prompted to enter your name and the network created by the host.
Once youve have successfully entered these you will join the lobby.

Playing the game
---------------
Each player is given a square to control. The assignment is in the order of the lobby list.
Player 1 - red
Player 2 - blue
Player 3 - yellow
PLayer 4 - green
You have twenty seconds to complete your turn, but it will end as soon as you fire a weapon, 
even if less than 20 seconds have passed.
Turns cycle round players, 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 to 1...
You can only move and fire a weapon when it is your turn

Moving
to jump press W
to go left press A
to go right press D

Weapons
To fire a weapon select Weapons Menu in the panel at the top of the screen.
The weapons menu will open in the top left.
Cycle through weapons by selecting the left and right arrows.
The weapons available are:
Bomb - has a cureved path
Missile - has a straight line path
Timed Grenade - explodes after a couple of seconds of landing. Best dropped down below you.
Once you have chosen your weapon the select button.
Alternatively press Exit to go back to moving around the arena.
Upon pressing Select a black line will appear showing you your aim.
Move the mouse around to aim the weapon and then click when you are ready.
The further away the mouse is from your player the further the weapon shall travel.

Winning
When a player falls into the water they are out of the game.
The winner is the last square still alive.
When a player has won the lobby will reopen.
From the lobby you can play another game in the same map or go back to the main menu.

In-Game Options
The panel at the top of the screen has three buttons
Speaker - turn on/off music
Weapons menu - open weapons menu
X - exit the game

Exiting mid-game
If you have joined a game and you select the X (exit button) you will be replaced by the AI and the game will continue without you.
If you are the host and you select the X (exit button) the game will end and you will all return to the lobby.

End.

	